[Music]
hey guys what's up Brad cut through here
I got a great video blog challenge for
everybody today and the challenge I did
it came from question when I got via my
website we'll get to that question
shortly but before we get there I just
want to say love getting these questions
feeding my website through Twitter
through Facebook
so keep those questions coming in I'll
do my best to answer them and maybe even
put together a video blog challenge just
like this here is today question today
comes from just let me pull it up here
there we go
comes from Gregg Gregg from Detroit go
reg links Gregg says hey Brad what's up
love the website love everything that
you're doing in the industry
and all the positive information that
you put out there
Ross a very clean diet and your training
very hard we're getting great results
wish I could get as well thanks Greg
it's that studies a lot he goes on to
say if you could eat just one vegetable
and one thing only
what would that vegetable be alright
great question Greg I do like to get
that question a lot about you know what
do I eat what business do we a protein
source to eat so specifically what
vegetable II well I wouldn't recommend
just eating one vegetable obviously
because different vegetables have
different nutrient mix up so there's
different nutrients from spinach and
different nutrients from carrots you
don't get all the nutrients from just
one bed or there's no
that idea that can give you everything
so some people take multivitamins
so the multivitamins that you take will
give you probably your daily value with
everything but you still need to eat
vegetables to get that natural source
that non-synthetic source of the
vitamins and minerals so the one that I
eat the most of is pretty much a
multivitamin itself it actually has
eleven sources of nutrients in it high
calcium behind me by a minute I'd iron
and come on it's worked for Popeye and
if it were sir Popeye it's got to work
for everybody else so if you haven't
guessed its spinach so let me jump in
the fridge here and grab the thing of
spinach that I eat every single week
boom this bad boy right here is 312
grams worth 11 ounces of spinach that I
will eat in one week that may seem like
a lot either there's so many ways that
you can make spinach or incorporated
into the recipes that you're eating
why would mix this in with my office in
the morning I'll make a green drink
later in the day suppertime I always
incorporate a salad so this would be the
main the main source with protein and
salad and make it with wraps with
anything else
so many different ways the incorporate
spinach and even if you don't let the
taste the spinach mixing it in an
agreeing drink you can actually mix it
in with soups you can make sauces with
it you can even when you make make your
protein burgers you can grind it down so
much that you can put it in your protein
bar you don't even know that you're
eating spinach so you're going to get
those 11 nutrients in there you're gonna
get that calcium of that iron of those B
vitamins so incorporate bart's mint you
to die so what's the challenge the
challenge is gonna be starting tomorrow
I want you to go to the grocery store
the farmers market where we buy food
picked up a bottle of spinach it doesn't
need to be to this extreme or this size
I just like spinach so I eat a lot of it
I'll pick up a good amount of spinach so
if tomorrow is Wednesday by the
following Wednesday I want that spinach
empty
I don't mind into garbage I want it to
be in your stomach I want you to eat the
full amount of spinach within seven days
so I'm calling it the Popeyes seven day
challenge so there you have it so let me
know what you think so give it a week
give it a try tell me if you can if you
did tell me you didn't do it go to the
comment section below on youtube if
you're watching this via youtube if
you're on my website send me some
comments make a comment in the blog
section and don't be afraid if you
didn't do it let us know if it's fine
try it again but there's so many
different ways you can incorporate
spinach into your everyday meal plan and
you're gonna be thanked it's work is
there's so many nutrients in there so
that's it so like I said love
compressions guys keep the questions
coming love doing these videos so the
more questions I get the more videos I'm
going to do hopefully it's helping you
guys obtain your health and fitness
goals that's it I'm Brad bathro we talk
to you soon
[Music]